https://www.interviewbit.com/aws-interview-questions/

1. What is EC2?
EC2, a Virtual Machine in the cloud on which you have OS-level control. You can run this cloud server whenever you want and can be used when you need to deploy your own servers in the cloud, similar to your on-premises servers, and when you want to have full control over the choice of hardware and the updates on the machine.


2. What is SnowBall?
	SnowBall is a small application that enables you to transfer terabytes of data inside and outside of the AWS environment.

3. What is CloudWatch?
	CloudWatch helps you to monitor AWS environments like EC2, RDS Instances, and CPU utilization. It also triggers alarms depending on various metrics.

RDS Instances


5. What do you understand by VPC?
	VPC stands for Virtual Private Cloud. It allows you to customize your networking configuration. VPC is a network that is logically isolated from other networks in the cloud. It allows you to have your private IP Address range, internet gateways, subnets, and security groups.


10. How many Subnets can you have per VPC?
	You can have 200 Subnets per VPC.


11. List different types of Cloud Services.
	Different types of Cloud Services are:

	Software as a Service (SaaS)
	Data as a Service (DaaS)
	Platform as a Service (PaaS)
	Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)

S3 stands for Simple Storage Service. You can use the S3 interface to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time and from anywhere on the web. For S3, the payment model is “pay as you go”.


14. How can you send a request to Amazon S3?
Amazon S3 is a REST Service, and you can send a request by using the REST API or the AWS SDK wrapper libraries that wrap the underlying Amazon S3 REST API.

17. What is the relation between the Availability Zone and Region?
	An AWS Availability Zone is a physical location where an Amazon data center is located. On the other hand, an AWS Region is a collection or group of Availability Zones or Data Centers. 

	This setup helps your services to be more available as you can place your VMs in different data centers within an AWS Region. If one of the data centers fails in a Region, the client requests still get served from the other data centers located in the same Region. This arrangement, thus, helps your service to be available even if a Data Center goes down.

23. What are the advantages of AWS IAM?
	AWS IAM enables an administrator to provide granular level access to different users and groups. Different users and user groups may need different levels of access to different resources created. With IAM, you can create roles with specific access-levels and assign the roles to the users. 

	It also allows you to provide access to the resources to users and applications without creating the IAM Roles, which is known as Federated Access.


24. What do you understand by a Security Group?
	When you create an instance in AWS, you may or may not want that instance to be accessible from the public network. Moreover, you may want that instance to be accessible from some networks and not from others.

	Security Groups are a type of rule-based Virtual Firewall using which you can control access to your instances. You can create rules defining the Port Numbers, Networks, or protocols from which you want to allow access or deny access.


