1. What is a version control system (VCS)?
	A VCS keeps track of the contributions of the developers working as a team on the projects. They maintain the history of code changes done and with project evolution, it gives an upper hand to the developers to introduce new code, fixes bugs, and run tests with confidence that their previously working copy could be restored at any moment in case things go wrong.

3. What does git clone do?
	The command creates a copy (or clone) of an existing git repository. Generally, it is used to get a copy of the remote repository to the local repository.

6. What is a conflict?
	Git usually handles feature merges automatically but sometimes while working in a team environment, there might be cases of conflicts such as:

	1. When two separate branches have changes to the same line in a file
	2. A file is deleted in one branch but has been modified in the other.

13. Tell me something about git stash?
	Git stash can be used in cases where we need to switch in between branches and at the same time not wanting to lose edits in the current branch. Running the git stash command basically pushes the current working directory state and index to the stack for future use and thereby providing a clean working directory for other tasks.


14. What is the command used to delete a branch?
	To delete a branch we can simply use the command git branch –d [head].
	To delete a branch locally, we can simply run the command: git branch -d <local_branch_name>
	To delete a branch remotely, run the command: git push origin --delete <remote_branch_name>
	Deleting a branching scenario occurs for multiple reasons. One such reason is to get rid of the feature branches once it has been merged into the development branch.

16. What does git stash apply command do?
	git stash apply command is used for bringing the works back to the working directory from the stack where the changes were stashed using git stash command.
	This helps the developers to resume their work where they had last left their work before switching to other branches.
