AMX_Questions:- 
How to solve diamond problem using default methods in Java?
How Microservies intract with each other.
Design Pattern related to Micro Services.
List all Design Pattern.
Singleton and Factory design Pattern implementation?
Design Principles for Spring. (SOLID)
Dependency Injection.
What-is-dependency-injection-and-inversion-of-control-in-spring-framework
IoC v/s DI.
What is Autowiring?
What is BeanFactory?
Application Context in BeanFactory?
Different ways of defining a bean?
Different scopes of a bean?
New features of Java8?
What is Functional Interfaces?
What are Marker Interfaces?
What is serialization and How to implement serializable in Class?
Which Stream APIs You have used?
Difference b/w HashMap,LinkedHashMap, HashTable, TreeMap?
ConcurrentHashMap.
MultiThreading
What are the ways of creating thread?
Executor Class vs Threadpool
Fork and Join?	
Different Memories In Java?
JVM, JDK, JRE?
GC?
Steps to Make Class Immutable?
Steps to Make Singleton Class
How to prevent Singleton Pattern from Reflection, Serialization and Cloning?
What is the purpose of Enums in Java?
List Annotations in Springboot?

Transient Keyword.
Aggregation, Composition, Association.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Coforge:
Difference in Interface and Abstract?
Requirement of Default and Static in Interface?	
Functional Interface?
Explain Stream methods and Optional Methods of Java8.
Rest APIs.
Diff in Post/Put
Update specific field of Object.
Where would you handle exceptions: controller, service, repository?
What is Bean scope, default scope?
What is the Lifecycle of a bean?
Give Exmple of Dependency Injection?
How to expose your APIs to your Client?	(Swagger)
What is Mocking?
Question regarding Junit5?
Requirement of Design Pattern?
-----------------------------------------------------------------

HCL_JavaDeveloper:
List down feature of Java8.
ConcurrentHashmap works internally. (when to use this)
Design Patterns and where have you used them in your project?
How to Create own exception?
Checked vs unchecked Exception?
Diff b/t exception and error.
Worked on MultThreading?
How do you create ThreadPool?
ACID Properties?
Where in the application you have used ACID Properties?
How to configure Actuator in SpringBoot? What are default points exposed and how to add new endpoints?
If a parent bean is singleton and Child Bean is Prototype, When we do a getBean on Parent what is the scope of child here?
What is Mybatis and how to configure mybatis in SpringBoot?
How do you trace a defect?
Have you Worked on DB performance tuning ?
How are your APIs are secured?
What are the agile ceremonies you attend?
What is your team velocity?
-----------------------------------------------------------------

InterviewQuestions_Only_30:
-----------------------------------------------------------------

InterviewQuestions:

Java OOPs Concepts
	Object
	Class
	Inheritance
	Polymorphism
	Abstraction
	Encapsulation
2 Interface in same class with same default method.
Java static keyword?
What's, is Polymorphism in Java or OOP?
What is the difference between a string literal and a string object?
== and equals
What is a thread in Java?
Difference between Overloading and Overriding?
What is multilevel threading?
What are the Exception Handling Keywords in Java?
What is an Exception in Java?
Type of Exception?
Exception Handling in Java?
Explain Java 7 ARM(automatic resource managemen) Feature and multi-catch block?
What is the difference between final, finally, and finalize in Java?
What happens when an exception is thrown by the main method?
Can we have an empty catch block?
Java 8 Features?
What is the default method, and why is it required?
What is Spring boot?
What are the Spring Boot key components?
Why Spring Boot over Spring?
Actuators in SpringBoot?
How does a spring boot application get started?
What is Spring Actuator? What are its advantages?
What is dependency Injection?
What is an IOC container?
What are Constraints in SQL?
What is a Primary Key?
What is a Join? List its different types.
What is a Self-Join?
What is an Index? Explain its different types.
What is a Query?
What is a Subquery? What are its types?
What is a View?
What are the TRUNCATE, DELETE and DROP statements?
SQL query to find second highest salary?
How are linked lists more efficient than arrays?
What is a stack? What are the applications of stack?
How does HashMap handle collisions in Java?
Can we execute a java program without a main method?
Can we Overload static methods in Java?
What is a static block?
Can we have multiple static blocks in our code?

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Paytm:
Diff in SQE and MySQL?
ACID Properties in Database?
Difference in HashMap, HashTable, ConcurrentHashMap?
Internal Working of HashMap in Java?
How concurrency happens?
How concurrency impacted?
How does concurrency improve performance?
Design Pattern?
Singleton(Implementation ) and Factory Design Pattern?
OverLoading Vs Overwriding ?
Database Size on the basis of Application?
Why there is a requirement to use SQL and NoSQL within same application?
What is Order Management System?
Talk about Large Transaction System.
	We have to build search for that TS.
	Table with 100Million Records.
	We have to build search on the top of it, to return result to the user in sub-seconds.
	Design Low level storage model.
	System clusters should be leniently scalable. (Means When data grows, hardware requirement should not grow).
	Should we store 3-5 months old Data in Our Database?
	What if Redis down?
What is cache control headers?
ETag?
Difference b/w post and put?
Why there is a requirement of PUT if we have post?
Why should we not use post when we have to update the Data ?
Do I violate RESTfulness when using POST as UPDATE OR CREATE?


-----------------------------------------------------------------
AMX_Questions_2023March:
What all exceptions you have come accressed?
List of exceptions we got while connecting with database?
On the load of startup I want to initialize this variable.
Worked on Custom Exceptions?
What is compileTime and what is runTime Error?
Create Instance Variable.
Can we create object of Inerface?
Exception Hierarchy?
Exception handling with method overriding?
Remove Duplicates from List of Object.
What this stream().sorted method accept as parameter?
On what basis sort will happen in stream().sorted()?
Can we use method reference to convert int to string?
Write a Functional Interface?
What is the use of @FunctionalInterface?
If we write "new Eatable()", will it work ? here Eatable is interface.
What is Executor Framework?
Asked Springboot Version.
Bean Cycle?
Ways to implement the life cycle of a bean.
Autowire annotation?
How spring create bean?
Conroller vs restController?
Embeded servers?
How to switch to another server?
What are the ways to access your application.peoperties file, if located on different path?

-----------------------------------------------------------------
HarshalInterviewQuestions:
Why should we preffer microservice over monolithic?
Can multiple microservices share same database or different?
Service Discovery in Microservice?
Benifits of having Service Discovery?
Explain Dependency Injection?
How to configure new Datasource in springboot ? All ways of achiving this.
Explain Annotations.
Spring Security?
Authentication and Auth?
Circuit breaker pattern in Microservices?
Constructor overloading with reference to Dependency injection?
We have a Json file and 2 microservices , 1st one is putting data in this JSON file and 2nd one is consuming data from this. How will you handle locking of the file?
Can we use SAGA to resolve distributed locking system?
Will SAGA help in case we read Json file for put and consume case?
What will heppen when we use POST to update the Data?
There might be a change PUT won't work, can we use POST in that case?
Application is incapable of processing PUT, Can we use POST to update data in Database ?
Advantage/Disadvantage of using post to update Data?
Distributed Locks in Spring-boot Microservice Environment?


-----------------------------------------------------------------



-----------------------------------------------------------------


Question_Navideta_4:

Inheritance parent child Relationship, which method will be called if 
	a. overriden a normal mathod
	b. overriden a static method
What is hashcode and equals method?
Why to make class as immutable if we wish to use as key in hashmap.
How to make a class immutable?
Java 8 features?
Arraylist vs linkedlist?
Sigleton Design Patters? 
What diffferent ways you can achieve singleton design?
How to make it threadsafe?
Classnotfound Exception vs classdefinitionnotfound Error?
Custom exception is runtime Exception or compile time?

Questions_Navideta_2:
Oops concepts with serialisation,deserialization and in depth knowledge of encapsulation.
ACID Properties?
Gave a hashmap and told to find the 2nd highest max value.
Gave a CSV file of stock exchange and three subquestions on which data structures would be appropriate in which situation.
Gave a space separated string and told to find the 2nd max string on basis of length.
Given two tables with varchar as primary key need to find the count of each id in table.
Hibernate transactions.
Difference between save and saveorupdate method in Hibernate.
@Transient annotation use in hibernate.
Difference between comparable and comparator and when to use what?
Inheritance, Polymorphism (Is Expert, knows tradeoffs, alternatives(Delegation))?
Java Collections (Is Expert, knows tradeoffs, alternatives)
Exceptions, Generics (Can solve complex problem with hints)
Multithreading and concurrency (Is Expert, knows tradeoffs, alternatives)
Spring, AOP, ORM (Has used, knows basics)
REST(Representational state transfer), SOAP(Simple object access protocol), Txn, Sessions, IO (Has used, knows basics)
GC, Serialization, Reflection, Lambdas (Is Expert, knows tradeoffs, alternatives)
Database Normalization

Questions_Navideta_3:
Features introduced in java 7 for exception handling.
Exception hierarchy?
Runtime exception?
Checked exception?
Write custom exception.
String immutability in java.
String builder vs string buffer vs string?
Final vs finally vs finalize?
Collection?
Custom sorting?
Comparable vs comparator?
Multithreading?
Inter thread communication?
wait(), notify(), and notifyAll()?
Find Point of intersection of 2 linked list?
Class lvl vs object lvl synchronisation?
Spring vs Spring boot, dependency injection, exception handling, thread vs process, Simple Annotations questions. 
Collection framework questions. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

QuestionsByRaghu:
What is AWS Lambda?
Explain what is lambda in Java8?
Factory vs Abstrace Factory
Qualifier Annotation
Primary Annotation
What is a method reference?
What is a flat map?
What is Functional Interface in Java 8 ?
What are the different types of different functional interfaces in Java 8?
How do streams work?
Have you used functional interfaces with Streams?
What is the difference between spring and springboot?
What is IOC in Spring?
Have you heard about time complexity? What is it?

How do you monitor Springboot?
What is Spring Boot Actuator?
what is Springboot autoconfiguration?
What are profiles in springboot?
What is  configuration.yml?
What are the different services in AWS?
Have you worked on S3?
What type of EC2 have you used in your project?
What is the use of kubernetes?
How do you send containerized docker images sent to the database environment? ECR repo.
What are the different levels in Kubernetes?
What are the different components in the kubernetes cluster?
What is the smallest unit in the kubernetes cluster?
Is there anything inside pods?


Observability:

What are the key metrics you monitor in lambda?
How do you visualize your logs?
How do you gather metrics such as memory, utilization, execution time, failure & errors
Have you used Appdynamics, Splunk, SignalFX, etc.?
What is distributed tracing?


Other questions:

Can you do a migration from Oracle to Postgres?
What tools does AWS have for migration?
What happens when a transaction hits your website? What is F5/load balancing, what is SSL offloading?
Can you deploy certifications on application servers?
What is distributed tracing? What are the tools available?
How do you ingest data in splunk?
Can you create dashboards and alerts in splunk?
Can you create VMs and security groups?
What is canary deployment?
What is your automation experience working with Jenkins pipeline?
If you have an application that is deployed in active/active regions. How do you keep the applications in sync?
Also how do you keep code in data center 1 and data center 2 in sync in getting 50% each?
How do you go about debugging your microservices?
How do you implement Dependency injection?How do you test the fault tolerance of your application?
When do you use SQL and when NOSQL?
What monitoring tools do you use?
What is distributed tracing?
Difference between unit tests, functional tests and integration tests?
What do you know about peer testing?
Why is Kafka server needed?
In Microservices, how does one service talk with another service?
What is service discovery? Have you used service registry?
What is the difference between authorization and authentication?
If you client calls one microservice which has to call two others. Let's say one of the end microservice fails, how do you tell which microservice it was?
Do you use unique identifiers?
What are Java 8 streams and when do you use it?
Have you nodeJS?
How do you start a project in springboot and microservices?
What is Eureka registry?
If you are monitoring Java applications in production, what metrics would you use to monitor those applications?
Do you know about distributed tracing?
How do you send metrics to Datadog?

-----------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------

WAP:
WAP to implement Stack DS using LinkedList
WAP to implement Singleton Design Pattern with ThreadSafety in this.
List of Names, count number of names starts with letter r?
Employee List to Map.
List to Map – Duplicated Key!
List to Map – Sort & Collect
Given an array A[] and a number x, check for pair in A[] with sum as x;
In Tree, Print Level Order.
In Tree, Print Last Level.
In Tree, Print Left View.
In Tree, Print Right View.
In Tree, Print height.
Write a code to print even and odd number in two different threads
