https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2011/06/top-programming-interview-questions.html#axzz7I2ncvKtm

Top30ProgrammingInterviewQuestions

1) Write code to check a String is palindrome or not?
	String str="ABCDCBA";
	char[] arr= str.toCharArray();
	arr.cahrAt(0)

2) Write a method which will remove any given character from a String?

3) Print all permutation of String both iterative and Recursive way?

	4) Write a function to find out longest palindrome in a given string?

5) How to find the first non repeated character of a given String? (solution)

6) How to count the occurrence of a given character in a String? (solution)

7) How to check if two String are Anagram? (solution)

8) How to convert numeric String to int in Java? (solution)

1) What is the difference between String, StringBuilder, and StringBuffer in Java? (answer)

2) Why String is final in Java? (answer)

3) How to Split String in Java? (answer)

4) Why Char array is preferred over String for storing password? (answer)
	https://javarevisited.blogspot.com/2012/03/why-character-array-is-better-than.html#axzz7I3d9qECQ

9) In an array 1-100 numbers are stored, one number is missing how do you find it? (solution)
	(n*(n+1))/2 - (Sum of all number) => 55-49=6

	10) In an array 1-100 exactly one number is duplicate how do you find it? (solution)	

	11) In an array 1-100 multiple numbers are duplicates, how do you find it? (solution)

12) Given two arrays, 1,2,3,4,5 and 2,3,1,5 find which number is not present in the second array.
	int mnum = 0; => (mnum = mnum ^ arr1[i];) => (mnum = mnum ^ arr2[i];) => return mnum;

13) How do you find the second highest number in an integer array? (solution)

14) How to find all pairs in an array of integers whose sum is equal to the given number? (solution)

15) How to remove duplicate elements from the array in Java? (solution)

16) How to find the largest and smallest number in an array? (solution)

17) How to find the top two maximum number in an array? (solution)

	14) How do you find middle element of a linked list in a single pass?

	15) How do you find the 3rd element from last in a single pass?

	16) How do you find if there is any loop in a singly linked list? How do you find the start of the loop? (solution)

	17) How do you reverse a singly linked list? (solution)

	18) Difference between a linked list and array data structure? (answer)

	18) How do you find the depth of a binary tree? (solution)

	19) Write code to print InOrder traversal of a tree? (solution)

	20) Print out all leaf node of a binary tree? (solution)

	21) Write a method in Java to check if a tree is a binary search tree or not? (solution)

	22) How to check if a tree is balanced or not in Java? (solution)

	23) How is a binary search tree implemented? (solution)

	24) How do you perform preorder traversal in a given binary tree? (solution)

	25) How do you traverse a given binary tree in preorder without recursion? (solution)

	26) How do you print all nodes of a given binary tree using inorder traversal without recursion? (solution)

	27) How do you implement a postorder traversal algorithm? (solution)

	28) How do you traverse a binary tree in postorder traversal without recursion? (solution)

	29) How are all leaves of a binary search tree printed? (solution)

	40) How do you count a number of leaf nodes in a given binary tree? (solution)

	41) How do you perform a binary search in a given array? (solution)

	23) Write a program to sort numbers in place using quick sort? (solution)

	24) Write a program to implement a binary search algorithm in Java or C++? (solution)

25) How do you sort Java objects using a Comparator? (answer)

	26) Write code to implement Insertion Sort in Java? (solution)

	27) Write code to implement Bubble Sort in Java? (solution)

26) Write code to check whether a no is a power of two or not? (solution)

27) Write a program to check whether a number is a palindrome or not? (solution)

28) Write code to check whether an integer is Armstrong number or not? (solution)

29) Write a program to find all prime number up to a given number? (solution)

30) Write a function to compute Nth Fibonacci number? Both iterative and recursive? (solution)

	31) How to check if a number is binary? (solution)

32)  How to reverse an integer in Java? (solution)

	33) How to count a number of set bits in given integer? (solution)

34) How to find the sum of digits of a number using recursion? (solution)

35) How to swap two numbers without using temp variable? (solution)

36) How to find the largest of three integers in Java? (solution)

	37) Write a program to find prime factors of an integer? (solution)

38) How to add two integers without using arithmetic operator? (solution)

	31) Write a program to find out if two rectangles R1 and R2 are overlapping? (solution)

32) You need to write a function to climb n steps you can climb either 1 step at a time or 2 steps a time, write a function to return a number of ways to climb a ladder with n step. (solution)
It's actually a Fibonacci series so you can solve it like that.

33) Write code for Generate Random No in a range from min to max? (solution)

34) Write a program for word-wrap which should work on any screen size? (solution)

35) Design an algorithm to find the frequency of occurrence of a word in an article? (solution)

36) Write a program to implement a blocking queue in Java? (solution)

37) Write a program for the producer-consumer problem? (solution)